Hi everyone. Today's Friday, May the
15th.
And this is the Money Ball Morning
Report. My name is Anne-Marie Band,
charts by Trend Spider, gamma flows by
Menter Q,
news and news flow by Benzinga Pro, and
data analytics by
tradewave.ai.
So, let's take a look at the ES. We had
a little bit of a pullback. We
essentially gave up everything that we
had yesterday and then some.
So, why did we start to bounce right
here?
My supposition is, of course, order flow
is going to be the answer to that
question. And so, we look at the market
on close and market on open
candlesticks. And we can see that
we've got ourselves a support zone
somewhere around 74
30 to 7420.
Thereabouts, right?
And so, that's going to likely be the
line in the sand today that's going to
divide buyers from sellers.
If per happenstance, we lose that edge,
we'll use the close of that area.
If If we lose that edge, that's going to
suggest
more downside flow. Yeah, that was me
yawning out of the blue. Who knows?
Okay. So,
what do we have sitting up here? We know
that buyers have been rewarded just
about every single time the dips have
come in. And so, we're just going to do
what works. Here's what we do know.
Upward sloping 200 simple moving
average.
Dips below will give us bounces. And so,
let's trade the bounce first up into the
Vwap 7475
and then
up into
the zero DTE put wall.
All the way up at 7490.
Wow.
They're certainly on the back foot here.
Big OPEX day today. We could see a lot
of volatility. Vixpiration is next week.
Yeah, so we'll see what gives. Let's
take a look at the NQ.
All right. NQ, same sort of thing. Here
is a market on close line that they
bounced off of. This is the market on
close bounce.
And
what is
this?
Oh, that's that market on close bounce.
I should have it moved over here.
But that's certainly the reason that
they're bouncing. 29,192.
That gives us the floor in general for
the day today. So, we
we really are right at the floor of the
formations. We should bounce back into
this 200 simple moving average.
But that average has moved flat.
And so, the flat average doesn't really
give it a ton of bounce. And we've got
the downward flow on the Vwap and the
50.
This one looks a little bit more
bearish.
So,
let's suppose that our likely topping
region is 29,478.
Maybe.
29,000
to 400.
That's also value area low
and where the Vwap is sitting. So, look
at this region between 29,395
and 29,419.
That ought to give us
a pretty good region
as a top. Although, it's just a couple
hundred points. So,
you know, the NQ can move a lot more
than that.
If it expands, expect that it collides
into resistance and does not trend
higher. This is a little bit of a
warning shot across the bow here.
We're going to have to watch to see how
well we can recapture these levels or we
will drift down into lower areas of
support.
And those areas of support could be
all the way down here at
29,000.
Okay.
All right, let's take a look at the YM.
YM doing the same thing. Look, high
volume candle.
That's the market on open from May the
12th.
Here it is, May the 15th. We tested it.
Now bouncing off of that edge.
Also value area high.
49,000
875 or so.
Mhm.
Do we expect a bigger bounce?
Uh
maybe to the Vwap. 49,942.
This is an interesting unwind into
the expiration. Could be [clears throat]
the people are just pulling their
options off and so the flow is
a little bit more negative.
Yeah.
I'll see.
I'll see. 49,877
all the way to 50,000
is very likely as the bounce event. And
then
we'll see if it rotates downward. But
dips definitely are buys in this
formation.
Take a look at Bitcoin.
Bitcoin looked a little rough yesterday,
but
just as
we think it's going to have troubles to
the downside,
it breaks the trend line rather
dramatically.
Here is our high volume candlestick. It
is the 9:30 candlestick of May 13.
Traders trying to bounce off of that
area. It's also value area high, which
is about 80,500.
So, what's the storyboard there?
Hmm. Um
this one's very interesting to me
because if we actually had
um momentum
that was driving us to the south,
we probably would not have broken here.
That being said,
we'd given just about all of it back.
And so the question is,
what does it do next? So, let's draw
Fibonacci.
Hmm.
That Fibonacci's kind of weak here.
Doesn't doesn't hold very nicely. So,
that's not the level they're working off
of.
Maybe it's the pivots.
Those look a little better.
Pivot lines are
holding us pretty solidly. So,
where is our first
pivot? It is all the way down here.
Zolinks.
At the base of the formation 79,600. If
that is the case, not sure the broad
markets will be able to bounce
dramatically if Bitcoin continues to
fade.
So,
line in the sand 80,000 400 or so.
And then we want to see how well it
breaks above this. Look at all this
congestion.
This is what it just lost. Right? It
lost the pivot, lost the VWAP, lost the
200, lost the anchored VWAP, and lost
the 50.
That feels a little bearish to me.
It does. Feels a little bearish. And so,
I would say bounces are potentially sell
zones.
So, you want to a look below
and go. So, that would be a look below,
gives a little bounce, can't recapture
the floor of 80,400,
and then it continues down.
And that's what we'll stare at.
Next,
oil.
Okay, oil.
Oh, wow. That is a
That's a lot of big overnight flows.
I wonder what the news is.
Okay, so here we are up at 105.
Here's the
uh this is the max line here for
MenterQ. And then
the call wall up here at 110.
Wow, fuel is going to just
be so expensive for those of us that
need it.
All right, so 105 is a clear round
number that the charts are trying to
retrace from and it has expanded
dramatically. So, the fade again should
give us a bounce. We've got a lot of
lines here today, so let's
If the fade comes in and holds this
trend, it should be somewhere around
10380.
Old resistance, new support.
And then the clear pivot,
which
is about 10350.
That would probably give us the first
buy zone if you want to sell this.
And I would be nervous to sell it, but
you could.
Um right now, it's
trying to break the floor of the
overnight formation
that's been caused here.
And so, it should be
a bounce because the 200 has upward
flow,
but if it fails to recapture 105, that's
where the short
might be.
Okay?
Listen, it's pretty good short.
I'm not going to lie. It's a pretty good
short,
but it's going to be sticky. I don't
think it's going to run in a straight
line.
Simply because that 200 is upward
sloping. And so if it breaks,
it ought to recover,
but I would wait for the bounce to
short. If you don't want to go all the
way to the 300 Excuse me, the 50,
go to
this broken floor here at $104.76.
All right. Let's take a look at gold.
Okay. Well, the gold has continued to
sell.
I wonder if it means the dollar is up.
Let's take a look at the 6E.
Indeed, the dollar is up, very high.
Okay.
Um let's get back to gold.
Now, the dollar
again, geopolitical unrisk sends us to
the safest currency perceived by the
global markets, that is still the
dollar.
Okay? So, here we are.
Um here's gold. It's breaking down. Now,
for those of us that remember,
this is what gold is sitting in right
now. Very big sideways patch.
My thought, and that's why I have the
line down here, is that we eventually
test 4300.
At which point,
it could be a very nice buy.
I would not I would not be sad about a
buy there.
Um but it would still be for a long
hold.
This to me says that emerging markets
are still selling their gold to pay
bills
and to exchange them for dollars.
So, what are we looking at? A potential
bounce at 4522
or 4474.
Still going to be a little noisy in
here.
It's going to be a fair bit of buying,
but see the ping-ponging right here. If
we looked at a 100 simple moving
average,
what would we see?
Just for grids, let's make this 100.
Ooh.
Not even close.
Yeah. So, we've got ourselves that uh
that move downward that seems to come.
All right. Now, let's take a look at
spy.
Oh, for heaven's sakes.
Spy on the day.
Fading. Let's go here.
Nice bounce as we expected, right? All
the other markets are telling us, "Hey,
listen, this is a good bounce zone." 740
really big fade at 4:00 a.m.
A 4:00 a.m. candlestick is
the top of that is where we're going to
look for
price action. Well, maybe the open of
it.
Yeah. Let's Let's look at this
open. 74330. If we get above it, it'll
be great. More upward flow.
If we cannot get above 743
30,
we should move down to 740
one more time.
What is my suspicion?
That we test the 200.
And that is 738. We can also break the
200 and then reclaim it. That kind of
upward motion suggests
that that is what going what's going to
happen, but they have not broken that
200 in quite some time.
Look at how long it's been.
Last time we broke the 200 was April
29th.
It's about time we break it.
In general.
Okay? So, we we shall see.
We we shall see. All right.
Old support
could it be new resistance at 742?
Maybe. That would give us more downside
pressure.
Or
we come back, we gather steam, and we
run up again.
That's really what we're looking for.
If we break these lows, could OPEX be
very noisy? Yes.
Zero DTE put wall 735.
Could we come there? The big call wall
is here at 745.
It's moved down. Was it 750? And then
here is
um
the big gamma flow at
750.
And that's what we're staring down. Hang
on 2 seconds.
Need to add a guide post right here.
Okay.
All right. That's it for the morning
report. I've got the Benzinga
options show today
at 10:30.
And um looking forward to spending time
with everyone.
Take care. I'll see you on the streams.